Disclaimer
Disclaimer and Other Terms

This website is owned and operated by MacroHealthPlus Software Pty Ltd (we or us), and the information and other material on this website (Material) has been prepared by us or on our behalf. This website and the Material are intended to provide general information only and, while it has been prepared with care, it may not be accurate or current. Your access to and use of this website and the Material are at your own discretion and risk, and you are solely responsible for any losses and costs associated with such access or use.

You acknowledge and agree that:

this website and the Material do not constitute professional medical or healthcare advice, diagnosis, or recommendation of treatment and are not intended, and should not be used, to replace such advice;
this website and the Material are provided on an ‘as is’ basis and any information provided (or not provided) is not intended to be, and should not be construed as, a recommendation or advice by us to take or refrain from taking any course of action (including in relation to your or any other person’s health care needs);
in no circumstances should this website or the Material be relied upon without consideration and confirmation by an appropriately qualified healthcare practitioner exercising his or her independent professional judgement and with the benefit of knowledge of your condition and medical history;
while we endeavour, where practical, to ensure that this website and the Material is up-to-date, accurate and complete, to the maximum extent permitted by law, we make no representations or warranties that this website or the Material will be up-to-date, accurate, complete or useful for the purpose for which it is accessed, and we accept no responsibility in that regard; and
to the maximum extent permitted by law, we disclaim any liability to you or any other person in any way connected with your or their accessing, downloading, using or relying on this website or any Material, whether caused by our negligence or otherwise. In addition, under no circumstances will we be liable for any indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages (including damages for loss of business or other profits), in any way connected with the use of this website or any Material, whether caused by our negligence or otherwise.

To the extent that you purchase goods or services from us through this website, separate terms and conditions will apply to that supply.

Viruses

Without limiting the foregoing, we do not represent or warrant that any files obtained from or through this website will be free from computer viruses or other defects. Any such files are provided, and may only be used, on the basis that you assume all responsibility for any loss, damage or other consequence resulting directly or indirectly from use of those files.

Third-party websites

This website may contain hypertext links, frames, or other references to third parties and their websites. Such links are provided for your convenience only and we accept no responsibility for and make no representation or warranty regarding, the accuracy or completeness of, or any other matter regarding, those websites. We do not necessarily approve of, or endorse, any material on such websites, the parties operating those websites, or any goods or services that they supply (whether or not through those websites). You acknowledge and agree that you access and use those websites, goods or services solely at your own risk.

Cookies

Small data files (“cookies”) may be stored on your computer or mobile device by our server. We may use cookies to maintain user sessions and to generate statistics about the number of people that visit the website. Generally, this information will not identify you and we do not link it back to your identity or other information that you have provided to us.
